[DOCS] Updates release docs for 7.17 (#122394)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/whats-new.asciidoc

[[whats-new]]
== What's new in {minor-version}

coming::[7.17.0]

{kib} {minor-version} is a compatibility release for the {minor-version} Elastic Stack

> and contains no major enhancements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and contains no major features.
```

Reviewer: The release notes include enhancements, the What's new includes new and notable features.

> For detailed information about this release, see the {kibana-ref}/release-notes.html[release notes].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed information about this release, refer to the {kibana-ref}/release-notes.html[release notes].
```
